What's the matter? Who provoked you, Li Rongfa?
He is the president of the Jiangnan Dao Guild
He just kept pressuring me to cooperate with him
I didn't want to, so I had a fight with him.
Are you all right, husband?
I'm fine, I just flipped with him
I'm afraid I'm not very good at this Jiangnan Road
What to do then?
Hey, yes, don't worry.
I have figured out a way
When I quarreled with Li Rongfa just now
No one came out to help
So this Li Rongfa
Gangnam Road is not monolithic here
I'm going out tomorrow morning.
Then be careful
Don't worry.
Hahahaha who?
Ah sister-in-law
Please tell Dr. Fan
Just say Lin Yi is here
Shopkeeper Lin, why are you here?